you and your spouse should know your phone unlock code or something similar that is not written down anywhere.  you can use that to verify you are you over a video call since AI makes mimicking your voice so easy. 

best kit tab: why should we prepare article 

if you are ready for the day to day you will need very little to be ready for an earthquake.
something they sell for $100 and call an earthquake bag is not much more than an expensive first aid kit. any extra tools they supply are going to be the quality you get at the dollar store. 

from becu email 
Guard Against Social Engineering Scams
Through texts, emails and phone calls, bad actors can try to trick victims into sharing their bank account information, Social Security numbers, passwords and more. Here are some tips to protect yourself.
Don't Give In to the Pressure
Social engineering scams are designed to get an immediate reaction by conveying alarm or fear. If you're being urged to provide information immediately, use caution.
Don't Click Links in Unsolicited Messages
If you receive a text or email from an unknown person, think twice. Clicking a link in a suspicious text could lead to identity theft, or malicious software (malware) being installed on your device.
Watch Out for Spoofing
Criminals can spoof telephone numbers to make it look like a call is coming from a company or area code that you know and trust. If you think a call may not be legitimate, hang up and dial the organization directly using the phone number listed on their website or your account statement


paraphrase everything in this finance article. 
https://www.newtraderu.com/2024/07/24/warren-buffetts-trick-to-build-wealth/

video making a fire after 15 years. 

images on both sides of the page that relate to the lists and content in the article

x you need to talk about real situations that have happened to people, not hypothetical situations you think might happen to people. 

yes starting with statistics is good research but people need a real story to go with that to relate to that. 

make a list of every personal story you have heard on a single page of the site. then figure out where those stories belong and expand on them. this includes stories you know from the news

move hamburger java script to script.js

switch div and <a href> on all navigation buttons

add building a kit under Practical Preparedness

